chore: Updated all references to internal api docs and point to the g… (#18448)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/nodejs-agent/installation-configuration/install-nodejs-agent.mdx

   <Callout variant="important">
     If you are unable to use the `-r` require flag you can also use `require('newrelic')` as the first line of your app's main module. <DNT>**Note**</DNT>   If you are using [Babel](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/index.html) or a similar transpiler `require('newrelic')` will cause instrumentation issues.

>      If neither of these options work for you, (e.g. asynchronously loading api keys from a remote location during application bootstrapping), you may also add stock instrumentation to an already loaded [supported module](https://github.com/newrelic/node-newrelic/blob/0113eb5f0e707dc662a17d262a841503bab88841/lib/instrumentations.js#L6#L6) by using [`newrelic.instrumentLoadedModule`](https://newrelic.github.io/node-newrelic/API.html#instrumentLoadedModule):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     If neither of these options work for you, (for example, asynchronously loading API keys from a remote location during application bootstrapping), you may also add stock instrumentation to an already loaded [supported module](https://github.com/newrelic/node-newrelic/blob/0113eb5f0e707dc662a17d262a841503bab88841/lib/instrumentations.js#L6#L6) by using [`newrelic.instrumentLoadedModule`](https://newrelic.github.io/node-newrelic/API.html#instrumentLoadedModule):
```
